## 1984（英文版）

乔治·奥威尔  -  

> 这是英语小说家乔治奥威尔的代表作。作者早在20世纪40年代，预测世界未来走向，会出现两大集团彼此对峙。此小说中的很多词，后来都被人们经常使用，以致成为人们的日常用语。2005年，《时代》杂志将此小说评为“1923年以来最佳100部小说”中的一部，位列编辑选择第13名，读者选择第6名。英国广播公司（BBC）将其列为“大阅读”书目，位列第8名。本版本是西方最流行版本。


### George Orwell

totalitarianism c:201

authoritarian c:18

### General Preface

    In a broad sense, education aims at broadening young people's mental horizon, cultivating virtues and shaping their character. c:77

In a broad sense, education aims at broadening young people's mental horizon, cultivating virtues and shaping their character. c:215

spiritual civilization c:39

### Is this book for you? 人类的囚笼与自由的光辉

《1984》写于1948年，作者故意用这种年份的颠倒，暗示小说中黑白颠倒、善恶不分的“反乌托邦”国度。 c:95

作者凭超强的洞察力，通过离奇而又合情合理的高度视角，集苦涩、嘲讽与愤怒为一体，将一个失去人性的无耻社会带给人们的悲痛与疯狂，冷冷地呈现在作品之中。 c:52

一时读不懂不要紧，先收藏起来，放进您的书架里，等您长大到某个时候，您会忽然发现，自己开始能读，而且读懂了作品的字里行间意义时，那种喜悦感，是无法言述的，也是无与伦比的。 c:42

### Part One

scrutinized c:102

startlingly c:53

WAR IS PEACEFREEDOM IS SLAVERYIGNORANCE IS STRENGTH c:173

ramifications c:104

truncheons. c:88

incautiously c:41

quarto-sized c:45

manufactured c:14

compromising c:57

nothing was illegal, since there were no longer any laws c:40

Either the future would resemble the present, in which case it would not listen to him: or it would be different from it, and his predicament would be meaningless. c:73

interminable c:75

irresistibly c:32

sandy-haired c:17

It was a noise that set one's teeth on edge and bristled the hair at the back of one's neck. c:57

conspiracies c:41

exclamations c:26

conspirators c:27

clandestinely c:69

The horrible thing about the Two Minutes Hate was not that one was obliged to act a part, but, on the contrary, that it was impossible to avoid joining in.  c:17

The horrible thing about the Two Minutes Hate was not that one was obliged to act a part, but, on the contrary,that it was impossible to avoid joining in. c:69

WAR IS PEACE 
    FREEDOM IS SLAVERY 
    IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH  c:13

self-hypnosis c:44

inscrutable c:46

inconceivably c:18

### CHAPTER 2

crushed-looking c:18

discountenanced c:41

thereabouts c:23

trampled-on c:22

halfapprehensive c:30

subordinate c:19

spontaneous c:12

strenuousness c:38

invertebrate c:36

eavesdropping c:30

half-heartedly c:18

We shall meet in the place where there is no darkness. c:32

partisanship c:19

annihilation c:34

reverberating c:36

Nothing was your own except the few cubic centimetres inside your skull. c:48

How could you make appeal to the future when not a trace of you, not even an anonymous word scribbled on a piece of paper, could physically survive? c:28

Thoughtcrime does not entail death:thoughtcrime IS death. c:64

drop a hint c:17

### CHAPTER 3

subterranean c:25

disdainfully c:27

ear-splitting c:17

If the Party could thrust its hand into the past and say ofthis or that event, IT NEVER HAPPENED—that, surely, was moreterrifying than mere torture and death? c:28

To know and not to know, to be conscious of complete truthfulness while telling carefully constructed lies, to hold simultaneously two opinions which cancelled out, knowing them to be contradictory and believing in both of them, to use logic against logic, to repudiate morality while laying claim to it, to believe that democracy was impossible and that the Party was the guardian of democracy, to forget whatever it was necessary to forget, then to draw it back into memory again at the moment when it was needed, and then promptly to forget it again: and above all, to apply the same process to the process itself. c:75

cylindrical c:21

falsification c:20

### CHAPTER 4

categorical c:14

astronomical c:17

Everything faded away into a shadow-world in which, finally, eventhe date of the year had become uncertain. c:17

gesticulating c:28

anthologies c:17

repositories c:27

multifarious c:32

proletariat c:32

versificator c:23

denunciation c:28

commemorating c:12

Conspicuous c:12

Comrade Ogilvy, who had never existed in the present, now existed in the past, and when once the act of forgery was forgotten, he would exist just as authentically, and upon the same evidence, as Charlemagne or Julius Caesar. c:22

### CHAPTER 5

deafeningly c:23

reminiscently c:29

In fact there will be no thought, as we understand it now. Orthodoxy means not thinking—not needing to think. Orthodoxy is unconsciousness.’ c:49

remorselessly c:23

disreputability c:12

dressing-down c:16

irrepressible c:13

proliferated c:18

incredulous c:18

### CHAPTER 6

fornication c:33

promiscuity c:28

The only recognized purpose of marriage was to beget children for the service of the Party. c:21

insemination c:27

### CHAPTER 7

reverberation c:19

Until they become conscious they will never rebel, and until after they have rebelled they cannot become conscious. c:66

indoctrinate c:24

embezzlement c:21

caricaturist c:23

If both the past and the external world exist only in the mind, and if the mind itself is controllable what then? c:18

The Party told you to reject the evidence of your eyes and ears.  c:24

Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four. If that is granted, all else follows. c:68

### CHAPTER 8

eccentricity c:17

camaraderie c:16

altercation c:28

thoroughfare c:22

pugnaciously c:22

miscellaneous c:17

odds and ends c:12

reconnoitring c:28

officiousness c:20

unprocurable c:12

Why did you have to endure it, since the end was always the same? Why was it not possible to cut a few days or weeks out of your life? Nobody ever escaped detection, and nobody ever failed to confess. c:11

### Part Two

incriminating c:12

hallucination c:18

intermittently c:14

### CHAPTER 2

dappledlight c:17

incredulity c:24

### CHAPTER 3

parenthetically c:24

He wondered vaguely how many others like her there might be in the younger generation people who had grown up in the world of the Revolution, knowing nothing else, accepting the Party as something unalterable, like the sky, not rebelling against its authority but simply evading it, as a rabbit dodges a dog. c:20

prosaically c:19

### CHAPTER 5

exhortations c:12

To hang on from day to day and from week to week, spinning out a present that had no future, seemed an unconquerable instinct, just as one's lungs will always draw the next breath so long as there is air available. c:27

disconcerting c:13

### CHAPTER 7

superfluous c:15

counterpane c:25

remonstrances c:21

### CHAPTER 8

intimidating c:16

indecipherable c:15

impassively c:16

unflinchingly c:18

### CHAPTER 9

translucency c:20

caterpillars c:11

deportations c:11

irreconcilable c:11

meritorious c:16

quadrilateral c:12

stratosphere c:14

preponderance c:14

indefatigably c:18

expropriated c:15

contortionist c:15

DOUBLETHINK means the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one's mind simultaneously, and accepting both of them. c:17

paraphernalia c:18

indefatigable c:15

contourless c:11

### Part Three

racketeering c:15

indiscretion c:11

sanctimonious c:19

sententiously c:15

### CHAPTER 2

metaphysician c:16

### CHAPTER 3

reintegration c:11

insurrection c:19

### CHAPTER 4

improvisation c:12

Stupidity was as necessary as intelligence, and as difficult to attain. c:17

inscrutability c:15

### CHAPTER 6

imperturbable c:15