## 《论语诠解》英文版

杨朝明等  -  社会文化榜-文化

> This book gives readers perspective of the core value of the Confucianism and would be a perfect gift for anyone who wants to understand more about Chinese traditional values and cultures.

### Copyright

Knowing about learning is not as good as loving it; and loving it is not as good as taking delight in it.” (子曰：“知之者不如好之者；好之者不如乐之者。”) c:15

### Introduction

statesmanship c:17

multiplicities c:13

predicaments c:14

### Chapter I “学而” (Xue'er)

pleasure if my thought is recognized by society and is put into practice? Isn't it delightful to have friends who share my ideas coming in from distant places? If society does not accept my ideas and no one understands me, yet I do not feel dismayed, isn't it that I am still a man of virtue?” c:23

 man of superior ethical values focuses on establishing a solid foundation, from which to derive the right way of caring for others, cultivating oneself and finally governing a country with benevolence. Filial piety and fraternal duty should be the basis for all benevolent behaviors.” c:11

sycophantic c:12

hypocritical. c:13

“I daily examine myself to see: whether I may not have been faithful and dutiful enough when I do things for others; whether I may not have been truthful enough to my words when I interact with my friends;and whether I may not have practiced what my teacher has instructed me to do.” c:17

### Chapter II “为政”(Weizheng)

Learning without thinking only makes a man confused and perplexed. Thinking without learning only lands a man in quandary.”
 c:15

If you know it, you know it. If you do not know it, you do not know it. That's called ‘wise'.” c:12
