## 了不起的盖茨比（英文版）

弗朗西斯·司各特·菲茨杰拉德  -  

> 《了不起的盖茨比》的确是一部20世纪20年代的故事，故事背景正是当时资本主义最繁华都市纽约市及纽约长岛。小说所描述的，是现代化的美国社会中上阶层的白人圈的奢侈糜烂的生活。应该说，菲茨杰拉德正是通过《了不起的盖茨比》小说的发表，奠定了自己在现代美国文学史上的优秀地位，也使他成为那个年代“迷惘的一代”的最有代表性的作家。“百年英语文学最佳百部小说”评选排行榜中，《了不起的盖茨比》已经位居第二。这说明，它已成为英语世界里的经典作品。这部小说严格地说，应该算中篇小说。但现在人们经常将其列入长篇小说之中。本版本是美国最流行的权威版本。


### F. Scott Fitzgerald

paradigmatic c:401

posthumously c:184

### General Preface

education aims at broadening young people's mental horizon, cultivating virtues and shaping their character. c:405

congratulated c:18

companions. c:47

### 总序

世界上不同时代、不同地域的优秀经典作品，都存在一个共同属性：歌颂赞美人间的真善美，揭露抨击世间的假恶丑。 c:88

### Is this book for you?了不起的人物，了不起的书

璀璨只是一瞬，幻灭才是永恒。 c:168

其实，处于时代变迁的当代中国人，又何尝体会不到在一个崇尚成功与物质的社会，人的真情与滥情、虚伪与高尚的差别呢？ c:57

一时读不懂不要紧，先收藏起来，放进您的书架里，等您长大到某个时候，您会忽然发现，自己开始能读，而且读懂了作品的字里行间意义时，那种喜悦感，是无法言述的，也是无与伦比的。 c:76

### Chapter 1

Whenever you feel like criticizing any one,' he told me, ‘just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had. c:1429

hard-boiled c:218

counter-raid c:63

conferred on c:75

polo ponies c:33

supercilious c:193

fractiousness c:84

restlessly. c:68

A breeze blew through the room, blew curtains in at one end and out the other like pale flags, twisting them up toward the frosted wedding cake of the ceiling—and then rippled over the wine-colored rug, making a shadow on it as wind does on the sea. c:131

conscientious c:45

imperceptibly c:145

ecstatically. c:157

irrelevantly c:16

decisively. c:91

incredulously c:133

contemptuously c:145

imperatively c:38

unobtrusively c:130

It was sharply different from the West where an evening was hurried from phase to phase toward its close in a continually disappointed anticipation or else in sheer nervous dread of the moment itself. c:25

ferociously c:40

infinitesimal c:111

complacency c:96

then the glow faded, each light deserting her with lingering regret like children leaving a pleasant street at dusk. c:62

extemporizing c:98

nightingale c:61

temperament c:19

And I hope she'll be a fool—that's the best thing a girl can be in this world, a beautiful little fool.' c:121

contributory c:73

uninflected c:51

rotogravure c:36

peremptorily c:104

corroborated c:39

Something was making him nibble at the edge of stale ideas as if his sturdy physical egotism no longer nourished his peremptory heart. c:85

### Chapter 2

unprosperous c:28

smouldering c:89

resemblance c:39

indeterminate c:53

startlingly c:35

countenance c:65

apathetically c:66

immoderately c:61

appendicitus c:76

triumphantly c:48

ambiguously c:41

Yet high over the city our line of yellow windows must have contributed their share of human secrecy to the casual watcher in the darkening streets, and I was him too, looking up and wondering. I was within and without, simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexhaustible variety of life. c:107

People disappeared, reappeared, made plans to go somewhere, and then lost each other, searched for each other, found each other a few feet away. c:101

impassioned c:35

### Chapter 3

casual innuendo  c:16

Laughter is easier, minute by minute, spilled with prodigality, tipped out at a cheerful word.  c:17

prodigality c:70

Sometimes they came and went without having met Gatsby at all, came for the party with a simplicity of heart that was its own ticket of admission.  c:16

Sometimes they came and went without having met Gatsby at all, came for the party with a simplicity of heart that was its own ticket of admission. c:52

agonizingly c:67

impersonally c:43

skeptically c:21

We all turned and looked around for Gatsby. It was testimony to the romantic speculation he inspired that there were whispers about him from those who found little that it was necessary to whisper about in this world. c:34

homogeneity c:52

impetuously. c:69

individualistically c:30

provocation c:43

condescension c:52

tantalizing c:58

reassuringly c:23

involuntarily c:22

tentatively c:34

No harm in trying c:24

caterwauling c:50

 A sudden emptiness seemed to flow now from the windows and the great doors, endowing with complete isolation the figure of the host who stood on the porch, his hand up in a formal gesture of farewell. c:16

A sudden emptiness seemed to flow now from the windows and the great doors, endowing with complete isolation the figure of the host who stood on the porch, his hand up in a formal gesture of farewell. c:65

The bored haughty face that she turned to the world concealed something—most affectations conceal something eventually, even though they don't in the beginning—and one day I found what it was. c:42

subterfuges c:62

Dishonesty in a woman is a thing you never blame deeply c:51

Every one suspects himself of at least one of the cardinal virtues, and this is mine: I am one of the few honest people that I have ever known. c:66

### Chapter 4

hilariously c:40

knickerbockers c:43

penitentiary c:62

punctilious c:59

conservatory c:40

disconcerting c:44

retribution c:39

incredulity c:28

commissioner c:29

somnambulatory c:52

electrocuted c:46

juxtaposition c:43

benediction c:53

unfathomable c:49

chambermaids c:34

The modesty of the demand shook me. He had waited five years and bought a mansion where he dispensed starlight to casual moths so that he could 'come over' some afternoon to a stranger's garden. c:24

A phrase began to beat in my ears with a sort of heady excitement: ‘There are only the pursued, the pursuing, the busy and the tired. c:83

A phrase began to beat in my ears with a sort of heady excitement: 'There are only the pursued, the pursuing, the busy and the tired.' c:36

disembodied c:44

### Chapter 5

receptacles c:50

reproachfully c:52

delicatessen c:48

exhilarating c:44

Gatsby, pale as death, with his hands plunged like weights in his coat pockets, was standing in a puddle of water glaring tragically into my eyes. c:27

commonplace c:25

conscientiously c:25

meditatively c:30

humiliation c:17

Possibly it had occurred to him that the colossal significance of that light had now vanished forever. Compared to the great distance that had separated him from Daisy it had seemed very near to her, almost touching her. It had seemed as close as a star to the moon. Now it was again a green light on a dock. His count of enchanted objects had diminished by one. c:73

### Chapter 6

meretricious c:50

ramifications c:41

extravagantly c:33

contingencies c:35

inhospitably c:24

ceremoniously c:34

unutterable c:29

obliterated c:37

He looked around him wildly, as if the past were lurking here in the shadow of his house, just out of reach of his hand. c:33

sentimentality c:24

### Chapter 7

caravansary c:45

That was it. I'd never understood before. It was full of money—that was the inexhaustible charm that rose and fell in it, the jingle of it, the cymbals' song of it…. High in a white palace the king's daughter, the golden girl…. c:72

boisterously c:38

contingency c:32

and it occurred to me that there was no difference between men, in intelligence or race, so profound as the difference between the sick and the well. c:42

inexplicable c:23

precipitately c:33

intermittent c:23

vicariously c:26

perceptible c:25

magnanimous c:40

presumptuous c:31

incessantly c:24

Human sympathy has its limits and we were content to let all their tragic arguments fade with the city lights behind. c:57

So we drove on toward death through thecooling twilight. c:35

her life violently extinguished, knelt in the road and mingled her thick, dark blood with the dust. c:30

perspiration c:16

expostulation c:34

### Chapter 8

extravaganza c:27

indiscernible c:21

unscrupulously c:29

She wanted her life shaped now, immediately—and the decision must be made by some force—of love, of money, of unquestionable practicality—that was close at hand. c:47

Just as Daisy's house had always seemed to him more mysterious and gay than other houses so his idea of the city itself, even though she was gone from it, was pervaded with a melancholy beauty. c:23

He stretched out his hand desperately as if to snatch only a wisp of air, to save a fragment of the spot that she had made lovely for him. But it was all going by too fast now for his blurred eyes and he knew that he had lost that part of it, the freshest and the best, forever. c:43

‘They're a rotten crowd,' I shouted across the lawn.‘You're worth the whole damn bunch put together.' c:89

interminable c:27

### Chapter 9

adventitious c:32

circumstantial c:21

I found myself on Gatsby's side, and alone. c:38

superfluous c:32

indignantly c:20

‘Let us learn to show our friendship for a man when he isalive and not after he is dead,' he suggested. ‘After thatmy own rule is to let everything alone.' c:57

They were careless people, Tom and Daisy—they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money or their vast carelessness or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made…. c:86

They were careless people, Tom and Daisy—they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money or their vast carelessness or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made….  c:23

squeamishness c:31

One night I did hear a material car there and saw its lights stop at his front steps. But I didn't investigate. Probably it was some final guest who had been away at the ends of the earth and didn't know that the party was over. c:41

So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past. c:138