## 动物庄园（英文版）

乔治·奥威尔  -  原版书榜-英文原版

> 《动物庄园》是一部政治寓言体小说，故事描述了一场“动物主义”革命的酝酿、兴起和最终蜕变；一个农庄(Manor Farm)的动物不堪人类主人的压迫，在猪的带领下起来反抗，赶走了农庄主(Mr.Jones)，牲畜们实现了“当家作主”的愿望，农场更名为“动物庄园”，奉行“所有动物一律平等”；之后，两只处于领导地位的猪为了权力而互相倾轧，胜利者一方宣布另一方是叛徒、内奸。此后，获取了领导权的猪拥有了越来越大的权力，成为新的特权阶级；动物们稍有不满，便会招致血腥的清洗：农庄的理想被修正为“有的动物较之其他动物更为平等”，动物们又恢复到从前的悲惨状况。


### Chapter 2

On Midsummer's Eve, c:37

drawing-room c:60

tormentors. c:164

THE SEVEN COMMANDMENTS1.Whatever goes upon two legs is an enemy.2.Whatever goes upon four legs, or has wings, is a friend.3.No animal shall wear clothes.4.No animal shall sleep in a bed.5.No animal shall drink alcohol.6.No animal shall kill any other animal.7.All animals are equal. c:146

trooped down c:78

### Chapter 3

The pigs did not actually work, but directed and supervised the others. c:98

parasitical c:193

indefatigable c:246

 propulsion c:180

developed a great liking for c:19

### Chapter 4

cannibalism c:201

contemptible c:184

five-barred c:22

at his post c:65

skirmishing c:187

ignominious c:187

sentimentality c:127

unanimously c:109

posthumously c:167

### Chapter 5

give me your word of honour c:33

whereabouts c:76

canvassing  c:186

chaff-cutter c:70

unintelligible c:78

Windmill or no windmill, he said, life would go on as it had always gone on that is, badly. c:139

The animals listened first to Napoleon, then to Snowball, and could not make up their minds which was right;indeed, they always found themselves in agreement with the one who was speaking at the moment. c:136

Loyalty and obedience are more important. c:99

rubbed off  c:59

disinterred c:134

### Chapter 6

comparatively c:51

governess-cart c:35

superintendence c:118

extravagant c:97

thoroughness c:57

awkwardness c:36

undesirable c:40

intermediary c:88

Long live Animal Farm! c:23

simultaneously. c:86

puzzle out  c:42

No animal shall sleep in a bed with sheets,' c:33

put the whole matter in its proper perspective. c:26

compensated c:71

perpendicularity c:149

 alteration c:55

### Chapter 7

this was not the case.Still, it had been decided to build the walls three feet thick this time instead of eighteen inches as befor c:14

drastically c:97

would be issued to make up for it c:21

infanticide c:139

capitulated c:143

on slightly better terms with c:26

blood-curdling c:84

“I do not believe that,”he said.“Snowball fought bravely at the Battle of the Cowshed. I saw him myself.Did we not give him‘Animal Hero, first Class,'immediately afterwards?” c:14

graphically c:68

categorically c:112

“Ah, that is different!”said Boxer.“If Comrade Napoleon says it, it must be right.” c:37

sent shivers down c:70

collaborated c:40

tore their throats out c:22

ringleaders c:88

retribution c:110

If she herself had had any picture of the future, it had been of a society of animals set free from hunger and the whip, all equal, each working according to his capacity, the strong protecting the weak, as she had protected the lost brood of ducklings with her foreleg on the night of Major's speech. c:102

### Chapter 8

square with c:84

by the appointed date c:11

It had become usual to give Napoleon the credit for every successful achievement and every stroke of good fortune c:24

surmounted  c:103

negotiations c:23

precautions c:73

treacherous c:103

magistrates c:109

title-deeds c:62

leaking out c:25

contemplated c:85

machinations c:119

bewilderment c:99

announced that the mill would be named Napoleon Mill. c:35

struck dumb c:65

Throughout the whole period of his seeming friendship with Pilkington, Napoleon had really been in secret agreement with Frederick. c:17

beatifically c:98

hullabaloo. c:108

conciliatory c:131

reestablish c:22

seemed at a loss c:14

Serves you right c:97

sledgehammer c:75

ferociously c:78

for dear life c:26

unaccountably c:65

 dejectedly c:103

lamentation c:113

distilling. c:73

No animal shall drink alcohol to excess.”
 c:25

### Chapter 9

superannuated c:101

readjustment c:47

About this time, too, it was laid down as a rule that when a pig and any other animal met on the path, the other animal must stand aside:and also that all pigs, of whatever degree, were to have the privilege of wearing green ribbons on their tails on Sundays. c:49

on the ground that c:33

replacements c:12

Rations, reduced in December, were reduced again in February, and lanterns in the stalls were forbidden to save Oil.But the pigs seemed comfortable enough, and in fact were putting on weight if anything. c:25

But if there were hardships to be borne, they were partly offset by the fact that life nowadays had a greater dignity than it had had before.  c:59

Spontaneous c:53

recitations c:53

complicity  c:92

everlasting c:21

contemptuously c:82

After his hoof had healed up, Boxer worked harder than ever. c:14

insufficient c:14

went on pension c:23

satisfactorily c:14

medicine chest c:16

administered c:39

was tempered by the thought that at least he had died happy. c:26

### Chapter 10

Years passed. The seasons came and went, the short animal lives fledby c:46

after their fashion c:14

Only old Benjamin professed to remember every detail of his long life and to know that things never had been, nor ever could be much better or much worse-hunger, hardship, and disappointment being, so he said, the unalterable law of life. c:74

imperishable c:93

It was a pig walking on his hind legs. c:54

“Four legs good, two legs better!Four legs good, two legs better!Four legs good, two legs better! c:59

All animals are equalbut some animals are more equal than others c:160

subscriptions c:56

What could be happening in there, now that for the first time animals and human beings were meeting on terms of equality? c:14

proprietors c:77

He believed that he was right in saying that the lower animals on Animal Farm did more work and received less food than any animals in the county. c:39

rise to their feet c:12

 prosperity c:16

it was short and to the point c:20

suppressed. c:54

Henceforward c:29

The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again;but already it was impossible to say which was which. c:142