## 动物农场（英文版）

乔治·奥威尔  -  

> 《动物农场》是英国最著名20世纪小说家乔治·奥威尔的一部最有名的政治寓言体小说，故事描述了一场“动物主义”革命的酝酿、兴起和最终蜕变。一个农庄（ManorFarm）的动物不堪人类主人的压迫，在猪的带领下起来反抗，赶走了Mr.Jones，牲畜们实现了愿望，农场更名为“动物庄园”，奉行“所有动物一律平等”。之后，两只处于领导地位的猪为了权力而互相倾轧，胜利者一方宣布另一方是叛徒、内奸。此后，获取了领导权的猪拥有了越来越大的权力，成为新的特权阶级；动物们稍有不满，便会招致血腥的清洗：农庄的理想被修正为“有的动物较之其他动物更为平等”，动物们又回复到从前的悲惨状况。


### George Orwell

totalitarianism c:110

allegorical c:47

authoritarian c:22

neologisms, c:56

### General Preface

    In a broad sense, education aims at broadening young people's mental horizon, cultivating virtues and shaping their character. c:108

 sublimity. c:126

spiritual civilization c:21

### CHAPTER 1

a brood of ducklings c:74

attentively c:39

Remove Man from the scene, and the root cause of hunger and overwork is abolished for ever. c:36

sturdy calves c:41

confinements c:77

hindquarters c:65

overwhelming c:14

dissentients c:84

tyrannise over c:77

Beasts of England c:20

preliminary c:55

in succession c:26

### CHAPTER 2

Pre—eminent c:44

persuasive. c:36

badge of slavery c:36

tale—bearer c:41

Sugarcandy Mountain c:21

disheartened c:54

tormentors. c:62

took to their heels c:53

in single file, c:40

 in single file, c:21

mantelpiece c:45

Commandments c:19

unalterable c:33

### CHAPTER 3

With their superior knowledge it was natural that they should assume the leadership c:23

affectionately c:36

overthrown. c:22

It was always the pigs who put forward the resolutions. The other animals understood how to vote, but could never think of any resolutions of their own. c:30

recreation. c:47

blacksmithing c:48

indefatigable c:38

instituting c:17

### CHAPTER 4

mingle with c:49

good—for—nothing c:21

sympathized c:15

permanently c:29

perpetually c:52

cannibalism c:49

contemptible c:62

irrepressible c:29

skirmishing c:58

ignominious c:53

sentimentality c:42

unanimously c:23

posthumously c:67

Battle of the Cowshed c:15

### CHAPTER 5

troublesome c:12

whereabouts c:29

biding his time c:35

unintelligible c:34

contemplating c:39

life would go on as it had always gone on—that is, badly. c:39

indeed, they always found themselves in agreement with the one who was speaking at the moment. c:37

articulate. c:45

disinterred c:49

persuasively c:19

### CHAPTER 6

comparatively c:17

superintendence c:46

extravagant c:26

uneasiness. c:14

undesirable. c:12

intermediary c:29

perpendicularity c:44

simultaneously c:16

With one accord c:22

indignation c:22

### CHAPTER 7

infanticide c:40

capitulated c:53

coccidiosis. c:35

frequenting c:34

graphically c:17

categorically c:37

countenance c:45

collaborated c:16

slaughtered. c:23

retribution c:17

If she herself had had any picture of the future, it had been of a society of animals set free from hunger and the whip, all equal, each working according to his capacity, the strong protecting the weak, as she had protected the lost brood of ducklings with her foreleg on the night of Major's speech. c:26

taken aback c:17

### CHAPTER 8

square with c:29

precautions c:21

treacherous c:33

contemplated c:26

machinations c:52

bewilderment c:41

conciliatory c:52

Serves you right. c:35

unaccountably c:27

the drinking of alcohol was to be punished by death. c:11

### CHAPTER 9

superannuated c:43

Spontaneous c:19

by and large c:16

unanimously. c:15

contemptuously c:28

### CHAPTER 10

Somehow it seemed as though the farm had grown richer without making the animals themselves any richer—except, of course, for the pigs and the dogs. c:16

things never had been, nor ever could be much better or much worse—hunger, hardship, and disappointment being, so he said, the unalterable law of life. c:31

imperishable c:34

It was a pig walking on his hind legs. c:19

majestically c:23

ALL ANIMALS ARE EQUALBUT SOME ANIMALS ARE MORE EQUAL THAN OTHERS c:42

ALL ANIMALS ARE EQUAL    BUT SOME ANIMALS ARE MORE EQUAL THAN OTHERS c:26

subscriptions c:14

indiscipline c:14

Henceforward c:13

The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which. c:27