## 心是孤独的猎手（英文原版）

卡森·麦卡勒斯  -  精品小说榜-外国文学

> 该书是美国著名作家卡森·麦卡勒斯的代表作《心是孤独的猎手》纯英文版。该书讲述了两个聋哑男子的爱情故事，突出了孤独的主题，充满着麦卡勒斯式的情绪，表达了最深切的爱也无法改变人类最终极的孤独。

### Part One

immaculate  c:929

reconciled  c:239

infringements c:319

You cannot do this. Antonapoulos must stay with me. c:84

None of your business c:21

when he awakened a great aching loneliness would be in him. c:189

proprietor. c:225

languorous. c:354

### 2

reached down c:14

meditatively c:149

detachment. c:191

putting up with him.' c:75

Jake Blount c:27

Methodically c:142

Thoughtfully c:33

deliberation c:84

intersections c:62

But if she wasn't nursing or trying to keep up with the bigger ones, she was by herself. c:19

handkerchief c:43

noncommittally c:137

locked his arms across his chest c:40

delicately. c:35

where he kept a complete file of the evening newspapers that dated back without a break for twenty-one years. c:23

You're the only one in this town who catches what I mean, c:24

There are those who know and those who don't know. And for every ten thousand who don't know there's only one who knows. c:93

blue-jowled c:36

Obscurantism c:100

contemplative c:108

His eyes made a person think that he heard things nobody else had ever heard, that he knew things no one had ever guessed before. He did not seem quite human. c:49

the words came out as though a dam inside him had broken. c:40

It was always funny how many people could crowd in from nowhere when anything out of the ordinary happened. c:93

disturbance c:14

knock off.' c:21

ragged sobs c:39

conversationally c:30

Biff noted this. He was thinkng that in nearly every person there was some special physical part kept always guarded. c:60

Lingeringly c:49

The black night sky was beginning to lighten and turn a deep blue with the new morning. There were but a few weak, silvery stars. The street was empty, silent, almost cool. c:59

estrangement c:92

All men seek for Thee c:22

scrupulously c:94

wiry-haired c:26

Bartholomew c:16

### 3

mighty late c:16

screwed up nerve c:43

The sun made everything on the ground either dizzy white or black. c:27

There was something about getting to the very top that gave you a wild feeling and made you want to yell or sing or raise up your arms and fly. c:52

Commandingly c:31

Coming down was the hardest part of any climbing. c:26

But the fine cap gave him face c:11

Some things you just naurally want to keep private. Not because they are bad, but because you just want them secret. There are two or three things I wouldn't want even you to know about.' c:55

side profile c:16

thick in the head. c:34

hand-me-downs c:34

son-of-a-gun. c:11

trans-Atlantic c:11

beads of sweat c:20

The tears were hot in her eyes as fire.  c:18

slot machine c:39

I was speaking about the shape and color of your souls.' c:22

Maybe when people longed for a thing that bad the longing made them trust in anything that might give it to them. c:79

Next to a real piano I sure would rather have some place to myself than anything I know.' c:13

I want—I want—I want—was all that she could think about—but just what this real want was she did not know. c:35

It was funny, too, how lonesome a person could be in a crowded house. c:75

### 4

straighten himself out c:12

recollections c:13

I am a deaf-mute, but I read the lips and understand what is said to me. Please do not shout. c:14

commission. c:19

contraptions c:58

flying-jinny c:16

erratically c:48

Resentment is the most precious flower of poverty c:72

loose-jointed c:15

mill-sallow c:22

ricket-legged c:16

kaleidoscope c:33

Dialectic materialism c:32

When a person knows and can't make the others understand, what does he do?' c:28

### 5

The dark suits me,' he said. c:19

resemblance c:14

slothfulness c:32

knickknacks c:27

Sometimes he thought that he had talked so much in the years before to his children and they had understood so little that now there was nothing at all to say. c:17

There is more hope in the young child c:17

### 6

disdainfully c:18

The old feeling of gaiety and bliss was so quick in him again that he could not control himself. c:24

inscrutable. c:55

### Part Two

Then one night she suddenly realized about her Dad. Nothing unusual happened that night and she didn't know what it was that made her understand. c:12

in his lonesomeness he wanted to be close to one of his kids—and they were all so busy that they didn't know it. c:25

stenographic c:37

contemporaries c:18

She didn't feel like herself at all. She was somebody different from Mick Kelly entirely.  c:11

horn-rimmed c:14

In the quiet, secret night she was by herself again. c:12

It was like she was so empty there wasn't even a feeling or thought in her. c:32

### 2

Or perhaps, when there is love, the widowed must stay for the resurrection of the beloved—so that the one who has gone is not really dead, but grows and is created for a second time in the soul of the living?  c:37

kitchenette c:11

cosmetologist c:22

Chronologically c:11

### 3

treacherous c:26

tuberculosis c:21

deferentially c:21

If he could not speak the whole long truth no other word would come to him. c:12

### 4

knock-kneed c:17

agglutination c:29

Our ultimate goal was freedom—but a real freedom, a great freedom made possible only by the sense of justice of the human soul. c:18

convulsively c:19

Ye shall eat the flesh of the mighty, and drink the blood of the princes of the earth. c:11

### 5

She could be in the middle of a house full of people and still feel like she was locked up by herself. c:22

### 6

emasculation c:22

hyperthyroid. c:15

boisterously c:12

From each according to his ability, to each according to his needs c:28

wheelbarrows c:14

It is far better for the profits of our purse to be taken from us than to be robbed of the riches of our minds and souls. c:27

### 7

This year seemed neither long nor short. Rather it was removed from the ordinary sense of time—as when one is drunk or half-asleep.  c:19

The memories of his friend changed in his mind so that he remembered nothing that was wrong or foolish—only the wise and good. c:17

Their thoughts seemed to converge in him as the spokes of a wheel lead to the center hub. c:18

The way I need you is a loneliness I cannot bear.  c:29

counterpane c:15

Each man described the mute as he wished him to be. c:15

### 8

ruminations. c:18

He was the sort of fellow that kids laughed at and dogs wanted to bite.  c:11

penitentiary c:22

alimentation c:15

### 9

transgression c:19

### 10

intoxicated c:13

### 11

honeysuckle c:12

She felt very old, and it was like something was heavy inside her. She was a grown person now, whether she wanted to be or not. c:13

### 13

caterpillars. c:12

commensurate c:17

hypothetical c:12

Fight cunning with cunning and might with might c:14

didactically. c:18

'The most fatal thing a man can do is try to stand alone.' c:15

### 14

by the skin of her teeth c:17

### Part Three

And how can the dead be truly dead when they still live in the souls of those who are left behind?  c:23
