## 爱丽丝梦游仙境（英文版）

刘易斯·卡洛尔  -  原版书榜-英文原版

> 《爱丽丝梦游仙境》是英国作家查尔斯·路德维希·道奇森以笔名路易斯·卡罗尔于1865年出版的儿童文学作品。故事叙述一个名叫爱丽丝的女孩从兔子洞进入一处神奇国度，遇到许多会讲话的生物以及像人一般活动的纸牌，最后发现原来是一场梦。这童话自1865年出版以来，一直深受不同年纪的读者爱戴，相信是由于作者巧妙地运用不合逻辑的跳跃方式去铺排故事。《爱丽丝梦游仙境》这本书已经被翻译成至少125种语言，到20世纪中期重版300多次，其流传之广仅次于《圣经》和莎士比亚的作品。

### Chapter1 Down the Rabbit-Hole

Rabbit-Hole c:13

I must be getting somewhere near the centre of the earth. c:23

Antipathies c:351

dozing off, c:402

at any rate c:252

to her great delight c:100

out-of-the-way c:147

brightened up c:100

that it seemed quite dull and stupid for life to go on in the common way. c:138

### Chapter2 The Pool of Tears

out of sight c:19

getting so far off c:29

struck against c:61

Multiplication c:132

burst of tears c:58

narrow escape c:141

hippopotamus c:198

at any rate, there's no harm in trying c:44

inquisitively c:256

Ou est ma chatte c:35

take a fancy c:76

I won't indeed c:11

change the subject of conversation. c:14

It was high time to go c:56

### Chapter3 A Caucus-Race and a Long Tale

consultation c:104

with an important air c:51

usurpation  c:216

 archbishop c:148

melancholy  c:197

the best way to explain it is to do it. c:44

race-course c:45

Shakespeare c:21

calling out i c:22

snappishly. c:155

hurried off c:31

suit my throat c:40

low-spirited c:14

### Chapter4 The Rabbit Sends in a Little Bill

good-naturedly c:63

going messages c:41

looking-glass c:31

thatattempt c:22

a crash of  c:12

cucumber-frame c:77

she had not the smallest idea how to set about it c:20

circumstances c:48

caterpillar c:116

### Chapter5 Advice from a Caterpillar

contemptuously. c:142

swallowing down her anger c:64

puffed away c:113

incessantly c:136

back-somersault c:81

yourself airs c:58

contradicted c:103

thoughtfully c:26

indignantly. c:106

attending to c:11

a wink of sleep c:42

It matters a good deal to ME c:22

### Chapter6 Pig and Pepper

alternately c:64

queer-shaped c:19

“Would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here？”“That depends a good deal on where you want to get to，”said the Cat.“I don't much care where—”said Alice.“Then it doesn't matter which way you go，”said the Cat. c:38

### Chapter7 A Mad Tea-Party

that‘I breathe when I sleep'is the same thing as‘I sleep when I breathe'！” c:11

accounts for c:32

kept on good terms with him c:22

extraordinary c:22

triumphantly. c:92

### Chapter8 The Queen’s Croquet-Ground

lay theblame on others c:28

threw themselves flat upon their faces c:24

ornamented  c:65

sentence of execution c:46

an account of c:19

impertinent c:92

### Chapter9 The Mock Turtle’s Story

affectionately c:61

Everything's got a moral, if only you can find it. c:27

that it's done by everybody minding their own business！ c:14

Take care of the sense, and the sounds will take care of themselves. c:18

Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise.'” c:71

thunderstorm c:15

exclamation c:26

Hold your tongue c:22

That's the reason they're called lessons，”the Gryphon remarked：“because they lessen from day to day.” c:28

### Chapter11 Who Stole the Tarts?

refreshments c:36

frontispiece c:46

cross-examine c:21

### Chapter1 Looking-Glass House

reproachfully c:52

### Chapter2 The Garden of Live Flowers

contradicting c:18

### Chapter3 Looking-Glass Insects

opera-glass. c:11

### Chapter4 Tweedledum and Tweedledee

Contrariwise c:43

“if it was so, it might be；and if it were so, it would be；but as it isn't, it ain't.  c:32

### Chapter6 Humpty Dumpty

tremendously c:23

Impenetrability c:35

### Chapter7 The Lion and the Unicorn

Bandersnatch c:17

grasshopper c:24

### Chapter8 “It’s My Invention”

bewilderment c:29

candlesticks c:11

sealing-wax. c:17

### Chapter9 Queen Alice

Subtraction c:18

triurnphantly c:21

hippopotamus. c:30

impertinence c:14

extinguishers c:22
