## 白雪公主（英文版）

格林  -  童书榜-儿童文学

>     《白雪公主》（Snow White）是广泛流行于欧洲的一个童话故事中的人物，其中最著名的故事版本见于德国1812年的《格林童话》。讲述了白雪公主受到继母皇后（格林兄弟最初手稿中为生母）的虐待，逃到森林里，遇到七个小矮人的故事。历史学家巴特尔思据称白雪公主的历史原型是1725年生于德国西部美茵河畔洛尔城的玛利亚·索菲亚·冯·埃尔塔尔。


### Little Snow-White

 frightened  c:148

could not but think c:126

pedlarwoman c:988

fortunately c:81

dressed herself up as a farmer's wife c:28

get rid of  c:147

possession. c:342

### The Knapsack, the Hat, and the Horn

took thought with himself c:100

 sufficient c:282

come to an end c:32

“If I could but eat my fill once more c:127

hunger once more returned to him c:18

contentedly c:222

tablecloth. c:27

That will I tell you c:16

March with all speed to the charcoal burner, and demand my wishing-cloth back. c:78

is of no use c:19

wishingcloth c:25

fortifications c:338

I am a made man c:66

armed from head to foot c:17

hazelsticks c:320

bloody noses c:64

put to flight c:104

hard nut to crack c:93

demolished  c:123

Then no one opposed him any longer, and he made himself King of the whole country. c:80

### Sweetheart Roland

has long deserved death c:114

enchantment c:220

transformation c:44

housekeeping c:30

### The Golden Bird

keep himself from sleeping c:13

try his luck c:17

It is of no use c:16

had no peace c:32

good-natured c:65

, I will do you no harm. c:18

away he went over stock and stone till his hair whistled in the wind. c:36

over and above c:57

take leave of c:65

sprang out  c:65

fell at his feet c:14

as good as nothing c:34

hold to his word c:49

carried off c:23

squandered  c:172

think twice about it c:12

By good fortune c:15

was no other than the brother of the beautiful princess c:22

### The Dog and the Sparrow

on the contrary c:38

satisfy your hunger c:27

in his rage c:36

misfortunes c:25

### The Gnome

the King was a great lover of all kinds of fine trees, c:15

casting lots c:131

the ways of the world c:30

If you will not take as much trouble as that for your daily bread, you do not deserve to have it. c:32

honourably  c:60

Pretty well so far c:16

grew green and yellow c:56

false brothers c:22

### The King of the Golden Mountain

richly-laden c:85

taking so much to heart c:29

the nearer the twelfth year approached the more anxious grew the merchan c:13

took leave of c:16

beforehand  c:65

whithersoever c:83

thoughtlessly c:26

Nevertheless c:31

### The Raven

 provisions, c:96

“Now have you set me free, and to-morrow we will celebrate our wedding.” c:14

### The Peasant’s Wise Daughter

spoken to the wind c:27

if I had but listened to my daughter! c:16

possessions c:15

disturbance c:45

My dear lord and King, you told me I might bring away with me from the palace that which was dearest and most precious in my eyes—I have nothing more precious and dear than yourself, so I have brought you with me. c:26

### Old Hildebrand

inconvenient c:18

### The Water of Life

come out of it with his life. c:23

distressed  c:50

nevertheless c:20

put to sea, c:12

### The Spirit in the Bottle

at break of day c:17

get the better of  c:12

sticking-plaster c:52

### The Devil of Sooty Brother

discharged  c:40

and thus the Devil's sooty brother got the King's daughter, and when the aged King died, the whole kingdom likewise.
 c:11

### Bearskin

hard-hearted c:13

you shall for the next seven years neither wash yourself, nor comb your beard, nor your hair, nor cut your nails,  c:11

compassionate c:36

distinguished c:19

### The Willow-Wren and the Bear

willow-wren c:41

took stock of c:33

disreputable c:49

to your heart's content, c:11

### Sweet Porridge

whosoever wished to return to the town had to eat his way back. c:22

### Wise Folks

For heaven's sake c:21

simpletons. c:58

### The Poor Miller’s Boy and the Cat

apprentices c:63

After this, let no one ever say that anyone who is silly can never become a person of importance. c:30

### The Two Travellers

swallow your anger down c:17

Eat what one can, and  c:35

acquaintance c:21

handkerchief c:14

weighs me down c:11

executioner c:40

consideration c:13

turn your hair grey c:14

swaddling-clothes c:39

whoever trusts in God and only has good luck, can never fail c:11

### The Jew Among Thorns

industriously c:46

Whither away c:15

his lies are as thick as flies upon the wall c:22

### The Skillful Huntsman

huntsmanship c:17

apprenticed c:16

sharpshooter c:24

embroidered c:46

truthfulness c:11

### The Two Kings’Children

frame of mind c:32