## 都柏林人（英文版）

詹姆斯·乔伊斯  -  原版书榜-英文原版

> 《都柏林人》（Dubliners）是詹姆斯·乔伊斯久负盛名的短篇小说集，称得上20世纪整个西方最著名的短篇小说集了。1914年出版，置景于二三十年代的都柏林，截取中下层人民生活的横断面，一个片刻一群人，十五个故事汇集起来，宛若一幅印象主义的绘画，笔触简练，错落成篇，浮现出苍凉世态，遥远、清冷，然而精致。


### Chapter 1 The Sisters

maleficent  c:127

distillery. c:101

was under observation c:18

have mercy on c:17

“Let him learn to box his corner.  c:62

impressionable c:60

inefficacious c:51

found it strange that neither I nor the day seemed in a mourning mood and I felt even annoyed at discovering in myself a sensation of freedom as if I had been freed from something by his death. c:57

elucidating c:54

interrogatively c:46

banister-rail c:32

“when all is said and done, no friends that a body can trust.” c:21

new-fangled c:32

A silence took possession of the little room and, c:12

### Chapter 2 An Encounter

incredulous c:32

for the escape which those chronicles of disorder alone seemed to offer me. c:13

But real adventures, I reflected, do not happen to people who remain at home:they must be sought abroad. c:12

brandishing c:15

dark-complexioned c:16

He said that the happiest time of one's life was undoubtedly one's schoolboy days and that he would give anything to be young again. c:27

### Chapter 3 Araby

imperturbable c:41

.I liked the last best because its leaves were yellow. c:13

 had never spoken to her, except for a few casual words, and yet her name was like a summons to all my foolish blood. c:39

But my body was like a harp and her words and gestures were like fingers running upon the wires. c:56

The light from the lamp opposite our door caught the white curve of her neck, lit up her hair that rested there and, falling, lit up the hand upon the railing.It fell over one side of her dress and caught the white border of a petticoat, just visible as she stood at ease. c:20

The syllables of the word Araby were called to me through the silence in which my soul luxuriated and cast an Eastern enchantment over me. c:18

my heart misgave me. c:25

All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. c:26

### Chapter 4 Eveline

SHE sat at the window watching the evening invade the avenue. c:15

palpitations c:26

elbowed her way c:17

life of commonplace sacrifices closing in final craziness.  c:18

She stood up in a sudden impulse of terror. Escape!She must escape!Frank would saveher.He would give her life, perhaps love, too.But she wanted to live.Why should she beunhappy?She had a right to happiness.Frank would take her in his arms, fold her in hisarms.He would save her. c:12

All the seas of the world tumbled about her heart. He was drawing her into them:he would drown her c:21

She set her white face to him, passive, like a helpless animal.Her eyes gave him no sign of love or farewell or recognition. c:36

### Chapter 5 After the Race

remonstrative c:14

Rapid motion through space elates one;so does notoriety c:17

### Chapter 7 The Boarding House

discomfiture c:11

### Chapter 8 A Little Cloud

He felt how useless it was to struggle against fortune, this being the burden of wisdom which the ages had bequeathed to him.
 c:12

### Chapter 11 A Painful Case

He could not feel her near him in the darkness nor her voice touch his ear.He waited for some minutes listening.He could hear nothing:the night was perfectly silent.He listened again:perfectly silent.He felt that he was alone. c:14

### Chapter 15 The Dead

The girl glanced back at him over her shoulder and said with great bitterness:“The men that is now is only all palaver and what they can get out of you.” c:18

Better pass boldly into that other world, in the full glory of some passion, than fade and wither dismally with age. c:18

He was conscious of, but could not apprehend, their wayward and flickering existence.His own identity was fading out into a grey impalpable world:the solid world itself, which these dead had one time reared and lived in, was dissolving and dwindling. c:14

snow was general all over Ireland.It was falling on every part of the dark central plain, on the treeless hills, falling softly upon the Bog of Allen and, farther westward, softly falling into the dark mutinous Shannon waves.It was falling, too, upon every part of the lonely churchyard on the hill where Michael Furey lay buried.It lay thickly drifted on the crooked crosses and headstones, on the spears of the little gate, on the barren thorns.His soul swooned slowly as he heard the snow falling faintly through the universe and faintly falling, like the descent of their last end, upon all the living and the dead. c:18